Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Language practice only, Doctor.
An educated woman like you
obsessed with soap opera?
She's cheating on him, right?
With the little brother.
Wait. Or are they cheating
on each other?
Do your homework,
you'll find out.
Doctor, help!
Hello?
I was taking her to the airport
when she passed out.
Can you hear me?
What's your name?
Has anybody actually
seen Dr Walker?
No.
Well, I can't wait forever.
We're busy today.
Let's start in OPD.
Dr Nair's surgical clinic...
- Is cancelled.
- Impossible.
I sent you a memo last week.
AJ and I have
a wedding to attend.
I assumed you'd just decided
to smarten up,
simultaneously, but I knew
nothing about a wedding.
Wait a minute.
I guessed as much.
Here we are.
And before you ask, Varun
is my closest and oldest friend,
so there's absolutely positively
no negotiation.
Fine, I'll just have to cope.
- Finally.
- Sorry.
They just brought someone in -
English tourist, female.
She's fine. I've sent her for an
ECG. She's complaining already.
After she threw up on me.
Then the pleasure of treating
your countrywoman is all yours.
Dr Varma, thank you for deciding
not to abandon me,
but the reward for your loyalty
will be to cover
surgical outpatients,
- alone.
- My pleasure.
- And what will you be doing?
- Good question.
Supervision, which is something
you all desperately need.
I'm sorry, she wants
to see you again, Doctor.
It seems my own advice
is insufficient.
Sure. I won't be a second.
Go. Go. Go.
Come on.
Also, the water's still not
working, in my cottage.
I told them to see to it.
Are you sure?
I showered in perfume again.
Is that really perfume?
I thought it was vomit.
Only it's been a week now.
Fine, I'll discuss it with them.
Although, to be honest,
it's like herding cats
with attention deficit disorder.
It seems like
a basic requirement.
Fine. Complaint noted.
I'll see to it.
You'll be expecting wages next.
- Doctor.
- No, not in here!
How many times?
This is a hospital!
Your ECG is fine,
which is a good start.
This heat
can take you by surprise.
Maybe.
It's more likely
to be the bloody food.
I've been warned enough times.
No salad, no ice.
I just don't understand
why they can't follow
a bit of basic food hygiene.
You're here on holiday?
For my sins, yeah. Never
believe the brochure, Dr...?
Walker. Ruby.
Thank God you're English.
Nottingham born and trained.
I am sorry about...
What on earth
are you doing here?
Let's just say it seemed
like a good idea at the time.
At least you understand
what I'm going through.
Doctor, quick as you can,
please.
Just give me a minute, OK?
Suspected vehicle collision.
Hit and run.
- They didn't deign to stop.
- Is that allowed?
Of course not. Even in India
there are some rules, Doctor.
Whether people choose to abide
by them is their business.
Mr Davé?
I'm Dr Walker.
Does it hurt when I press here?
No.
And here?
No. It's fine.
Chest sounds clear, belly's
soft, no sign of a head injury.
You're a very lucky man,
Mr Davé.
Er, Doctor...
- Look. Look at the size of it.
- What?
That is the size
of a bloody blackbird.
Do you think it's poisonous?
What am I saying?
We're in India.
Of course it's bloody poisonous.
I'm going to kill it.
Don't. Just shoo it
out the door.
Damn!!
Look what you've made me do.
- Let's have a look.
- It's fine.
That's deep.
It might need stitches.
- It's nothing.
- You need to get it looked at.
It could get infected
in this heat,
especially
if you're not strong.
- I'm fine.
- You need to get it looked at.
I'm not going anywhere.
If you're not prepared
to listen to a word I say,
you can bloody well get out
of my... Go on, bugger off.
Out.
Fracture, dislocation,
open wound.
Skin is looking ischaemic.
Needs reducing right away.
So what are you waiting for?
Or are you hoping it'll drop off
and save us all a job?
You don't want to take over?
Basic orthopaedic surgery.
I believe the Chinese
are already
training monkeys to do it.
OK.
We need 500mg of morphine
and 500mg of Midazolam.
Lord Ganesh.
I see you.
Bless you, sir.
Do you think he's ready?
Give him any more, we'll have
to peel him off the ceiling.
Ready?
OK, on three.
One, two,
three.
Thank you...
very...
much,
Doctor.
- Excuse me, Nurse?
- You shouldn't be here.
If you're looking for
Admissions, you need...
Bina Barros.
My God.
I've seen all your films.
Well, maybe
you can help me, darling.
Back pain is a terrible,
terrible curse,
but don't worry, Mrs Barros,
we'll have you down the beach
enjoying your holiday again.
Diazepam. 10mg.
That's it. Thank you, my hero.
I just need to check
with the doctors.
- Does that hurt?
- Of course.
Good.
- How about that?
- Yes.
I never liked your singing,
but your acting's even worse.
If you really need diazepam,
you'd be complaining
a lot more than that.
I suspect your back is fine.
No, darling, it's not.
It really...
You'll get nothing
without a prescription.
Please leave.
So you didn't catch
any registration?
I was sweeping the sidewalk,
minding my business,
when I felt this enormous force
lifting me...
..and a flash of light,
and then this beautiful silver
angel looking down at me.
- A silver angel?
- Then nothing but black.
So you saw an angel but not
a simple registration plate?
The shock, no doubt. Perhaps
a near-death experience?
You didn't see a registration,
but you saw God.
Mr Davé, can you feel it
when I do this?
Not a scratch.
You've done a wonderful job,
Dr Walker.
So what happens now?
I just need to discuss something
with Dr Fonseca.
Doctor?
Wait. I'm so sorry.
- Don't worry, darling.
- Could you, please?
No need.
My pleasure, darling.
Thank you.
Amputation?
The foot is
critically ischaemic.
The results confirm it.
Probably
a popliteal laceration
- at the time of the accident.
- So we just repair it?
Dr Nair is good
but he's no vascular surgeon.
Thank you for reminding me,
but it's true.
This procedure
I cannot carry out.
Only a specialist can do this.
I'm sorry, but AJ and I...
Yeah, go.
We can deal with this.
Then I'll prepare
the transfer to Kochi.
I'm sorry, Dr Walker,
it's not that simple.
I understand Mr Davé
has no insurance.
He sweeps streets for a living,
so unless he found a policy
lying on the side of the road...
A repair like this costs
thousands, so without funds
or insurance, the best we can do
is a good, clean amputation.
So he loses his leg
because he's poor?
There must be something else
we can do.
There's no choice.
Want me to talk to him?
No. No, he's my patient.
I should tell him.
It'll be happy hour
in half an hour.
I need a drink.
Then, sir, you have come
to the right place.
I'll be the judge of that.
I want a warm pint,
a proper beer,
in a straight glass.
Sadler's?
- Bloody hell.
- Allow me.
Allow it to settle first.
Savour it.
- You're not from round here.
- Dudley, born and bred.
Let me guess. Aston.
Close enough.
Christ, you travel halfway
around the world
and still get served
by a bloody Yam Yam.
Cheers.
- It's a bit early for that, no?
- Ha!
It's for him. His daughter's
getting married.
Trust me, he'll need a drink.
Wow. Mumbai
has been good to him.
Well, he is Mumbai's
premier vascular surgeon.
- Rambo!
- Varun.
My God. What's happened
to all your hair?
You must be a worried man, no?
Don't worry, I know someone
who can fix that.
Come, come. So you still play
Ping-Pong?
Er, I'm afraid not.
AJ, your father and I were
on the school team,
national champions,
but he could never beat me.
- That's right.
- Here, come this way.
Ping-Pong?
So what do you think?
Absolutely stunning, Varun.
You see this, AJ?
All this is possible
if you work hard.
You know, money...cannot
buy you happiness,
but it can buy you
a nice little summer house.
It's so good to be back!
AJ...
Here's a little something
for you.
I know you enjoy a good malt.
- I'm afraid I've given up.
- Have you?
Yes, but I'm sure someone else
will, er, enjoy that.
And for the evening
entertainment,
Bina Barros.
The wife insisted.
You have to make it happen, no?
Now it's one down, one to go.
My beautiful Aisha.
I just need a brave man
to take on my Samira now.
What the hell is happening?!
AJ, you recognise
that racket? Come, come.
Where are the pillows? Where
are the rest of the things?
That's Samira?
You should go and say hello, AJ.
Girls, spark it up, finish your
rehearsal. What are you doing?
What are these doing here?
Thank God you're here.
You were supposed to be here
two bloody hours ago.
Anyway, tell your guys
to keep the food
by the drinks table there
and did you get the extra rice?
Samira, it's me, AJ. Remember?
When we were ten, you used
to have ponytails.
I used to sneak up
behind you and...
Yeah, I remember.
What happened to the glasses?
And the, er...
I decided to change,
but you, you look
exactly the same.
Thanks.
I told...I told you to finish
the rehearsals.
Are you OK?
No, it's just a sprain.
Nothing.
Maybe I could take a look.
You know, I work at a hospital.
- You're a doctor?
- A paramedic.
Sort of.
I drive the ambulance.
At least you can drive.
Jeez, you guys. I told you
to stop doing this.
He just accepted the amputation,
like I was suggesting removing
his wisdom teeth.
You'll get used to it.
There's a certain nobility
to fatalism.
There's really nothing
we can do?
Not unless we find the driver.
- You can't come in.
- I've been waiting back there
for over an hour.
What kind of hospital is this?
Yours, I believe.
I've tried to explain that
any patient refusing treatment
- must sign a waiver.
- I am not signing anything.
I'm sorry for the delay,
I was called away,
but I can see you immediately if
you just go back to your room.
Can you chase up
the blood results?
- Yes, Doctor.
- Quickly.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
I don't think this is necessary.
This scar - you've had
an operation recently?
Yeah, about a month ago,
back in the UK. Just routine.
Routine?
This is a kidney transplant,
correct?
It's fine. No complications.
This trip was to help me try and
recuperate, a treat for myself.
Dr Walker. I'm sorry.
There's a delay on bloods.
- Another hour at least.
- That's ridiculous.
- I can't stay that long.
- I'm afraid you'll have to.
Are you taking
anti-rejection drugs?
Of course I am.
Your immune system
may be weaker than normal.
Any infection could quickly
become extremely serious.
I need to check a few things,
keep you under observation.
I'm OK.
Really.
I'm sorry, but under
the circumstances
I absolutely insist.
And how do you deal
with all of it?
I have to admit, it is tough.
Not this.
All the rest of it.
The bloody chaos, heat,
insects, people jabbering
in your ear the whole time.
I find the secret is
just to go with the flow.
The thing about India is
you have to be flexible,
take what comes, don't try
and fight it all the time.
It's what the locals do, anyway.
Intrinsically flexible people.
You know they have
a specific god for everything?
- Is that right?
- Life, death,
luck.
You name it,
they've got a god for it.
Except premature ejaculation.
But he's coming any minute now.
Are you quite sure
you're all right, love?
I'm fine, my darling.
It's just the sun.
It's quite unbearable.
I don't know
how you can stand it.
You look very familiar.
Fine. Show me your hand.
Are you all right?
I haven't a clue, mate.
So that's what she told you?
I admit it seems a bit strange.
A procedure like that
and then coming
all the way to India on her own.
Strange is the word.
But luckily, one of us
was not born yesterday.
And so you were operated on
where exactly?
My local hospital in Leeds.
And the name of your surgeon?
I can't recall.
And this procedure
happened when?
A few weeks ago, by the age
of this wound?
- Yes, but...
- Yet you can't
remember the man
who operated on you?
Perhaps it was a woman.
You know what?
I want to leave now.
Of course you do,
because I think you're lying.
This procedure was done
right here in India, wasn't it?
That is
an outrageous suggestion.
But still I believe it
to be the truth.
How much did it cost you?
A few thousand?
Or did you get a bargain?
It's not true.
You can't prove anything.
I don't want this man
treating me any more.
Listen, what you have done
is a crime, OK?
So that's fine by me.
I'm very happy
to leave you in Dr Walker's...
capable hands.
Make sure she's fit enough
and then discharge her.
Bina Barros.
She's playing at Varun's wedding
and you almost killed her.
I thought she was already dead.
She nearly did,
the way you drive.
Come on, now, help me lift her.
Ma'am.
Slowly.
The blood reports
for your patient, Doctor.
My apologies for the delay.
The laboratory called them
through urgently.
Thank you.
That's impossible.
The tests
we've done strongly suggest
acute rejection
of the transplanted organ.
No. No, they promised me
it would all be OK.
We can help. Your immune system
is trying to attack the
new organ. It's not too late.
We can offer
basic treatment here.
Liars.
Liars and cheats.
I mean, it was supposed to be
a perfect match, right?
Because I signed a contract
and they assured me
that it would all be OK.
I know how distressing
this must be.
Don't you dare put
your disgusting hands on me.
I'm sorry.
Don't either... No, don't either
of you touch me.
I want you to
keep your voice down, madam.
You're disturbing the patients.
I can handle this.
You've just had
very upsetting news.
People say things
they don't mean.
Yeah.
Maybe some do,
but me, I call it as I see it,
and all I can see
right now is a filthy country
full of liars
and full of cheats.
Let me tell you
what I'm looking at!
A woman who has travelled
to my country
to steal an organ
from another human being,
someone they've never even met,
a human being so desperate
they're prepared to sell a part
of themselves to pay their rent
and put food on their table
to allow their children
to have a future.
And I'll tell you
what you should do.
You should have the courage
to meet that person
and look them in the eye
and then you should
get down on your knees
and thank them,
because let me tell you, madam,
you are not fit
to lick their boots.
Treat her and then get her
the hell out of here.
What the hell was that about?
I told you I could handle it.
Yes, I heard you.
You apologised to her.
She told you not to touch her
and you apologise to her?
No, not really. I just needed
her to calm down.
- She was emotional.
- Yeah. She insulted you.
And I said I could handle it.
It's not the first time I've
dealt with someone like this.
So you just accept it? That
how it works in England?
A woman like you allows herself
to be treated like that?
It happens
and you have to deal with it.
You can't just react. You
maintain a professional manner.
I see.
So I'm not professional?
You screamed at a patient.
My patient.
Not professional.
Well, then, Dr Walker,
for that I apologise.
Clearly I am mistaken, but I
remind you this is my country
and here a brown person
doesn't have to apologise
for the colour of their skin.
- Enough.
- Maybe you should learn it.
I said enough.
I will not accept
members of my staff
having slanging matches
in the corridors of my hospital,
no matter what the provocation.
You, go and consent Mr Davé.
If you're going to cut his leg
off, get his permission.
What are you waiting for?
Everyone deserves a holiday.
Holiday?
I'm here for the duration.
Or at least...
My wife's sick. Maggie.
Cancer.
- Terminal.
- I'm sorry.
Really.
Should've gone home weeks ago,
but she's got it in her head
that she wants to stay here.
You know the worst of it?
There's nothing I can do.
I'm a practical man, you know?
The sort that takes care
of things.
I can fix a boiler,
but I can't fix this.
Does she want you to, fix it?
Who knows?
She likes it here?
Loves it.
Mad for it.
Well, then, maybe
that's the best you can do.
Whisky?
Yeah.
It's so sad. Fame and fortune
takes a heavy toll sometimes.
Get her a drip, a vitamin shot
and some painkillers.
Nothing too strong.
I need to make a phone call.
Varun is going to be
a very worried man.
They're about to consent
your husband for surgery.
I understand. Thank you.
My husband's a fool, Dr Walker,
but he's a good man.
We were about
to start something together...
..and I know how this world is.
If he cannot walk,
he cannot work,
and we have nothing.
I'm sorry.
I wish there was something
I could do.
- Rambo!
- I'm sorry I had to call you.
- What happened?
- Your wedding singer is here.
Bina Barros.
- What's wrong with her?
- We found her at the roadside.
He said when the car hit him
he saw a silver angel.
It has to be him.
He's the one who hit Rasik.
You've brought me gold. Now
I'll show you how to spend it.
The whole idea is preposterous.
I don't agree. I think the
evidence stacks up rather well,
but heaven forbid
I should be accused
of running a kangaroo court.
We must ensure this is fair.
Dr Walker, please inform
the police immediately.
Yes, Dr Fonseca.
I think they should assess the
evidence and let them decide.
No, no, please.
Let's not be too hasty.
Obviously, this is
a rather awkward situation.
Perhaps I should go and see
the poor fellow first,
talk to him?
Follow me.
Argh!
I agree. Likely
popliteal laceration.
- Argh!
- It's tricky, but...
You have a theatre free?
Prepped for a below-knee
amputation.
Mr Davé, my name
is Dr Varun Kapoor.
I'm an experienced
vascular surgeon
and with your permission
I would like
to try and save your leg.
Go on, say it, Dr Walker.
I know you want to.
He hit him and now we just
allow him to get away with it.
Sometimes, the wise woman
sees a compromise
and grabs it with both hands,
and if someone does tell
the police, then I will fire you
and that's a promise.
I'm so sorry
it has come to this.
For someone so talented
to end up like this...
I suppose it is
a sickness of sorts.
Darling, you think
I'm a drinker,
- a common alcoholic.
- We can help,
advise a support group.
An alcoholic?
You must believe me, I've never
touched a drop in my life
until today,
but what else could I do?
Your doctor just won't give me
what I need to perform.
If only there was
something else I could take,
or someone I could turn to.
Varun assures me he had no
idea he clipped the gentleman.
Clipped?
A compound spiral fracture
is hardly the result
of a glancing blow.
I had to stop Dr Walker
from calling the police.
Of course, she now thinks
I'm a cynical harpy.
Please, surely
that's not necessary.
Most people
would consider it compulsory.
It's his daughter's wedding,
Lydia.
You should see up there -
the guests, the servants,
the whole family.
And now he has Bina Barros
lying comatosed in the ward.
Surely the poor man
has things on his mind.
- Pity it wasn't the road.
- His daughter, Lydia.
The biggest week in his life.
My God, Lydia, I tell you,
if you had children
you would understand.
Look what the cat dragged in.
You're pissed.
And you, my dear, are sober,
but in the morning
I will be beautiful.
Anyway, I thought
we were supposed
to be enjoying ourselves.
We are, just not usually
this early.
I went for a walk.
I got you something.
Hold on.
You found me a shell.
I thought you'd like it.
I do like it.
In fact, I'm going
to put it here,
pride of place.
- I'm sorry.
- I know.
It's OK.
Let's not fight any more.
Not now.
OK.
I am pissed.
I know.
So, Varun, I believe you have
saved his leg.
I'll stake my reputation on it.
You know, if you really
want to get away from here
and taste the bright lights,
you could come and join me.
- In Mumbai?
- Why not?
Now that the hospital has got
so big, my real problem
is keeping control of my staff.
I need someone I can trust,
someone to keep them in line,
manage costs,
that sort of thing.
- Like an administrator?
- Maybe.
But, no, no, we'll give you
a proper title?
How does
Deputy Chief Executive sound?
Well, give it some thought?
Careful, Ms Barros. Careful.
OK, slowly, slowly.
Slowly. OK.
OK, OK.
I shouldn't have said
what I did.
It was unkind.
There. All's well
that ends well?
Please come to the party.
You're all invited.
Thank you, but I have work
to do, as do my staff.
I've just finished my shift.
If I could, I'd love
to watch Ms Barros.
Well, then you shall
come to the ball.
Wonderful, wonderful.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, my old friend,
you really saved me.
No problem, no problem.
- And I'll see you later, OK?
- Yes, you will.
And don't forget about my offer.
OK?
Doctor?
Look, what I said
was unforgivable
and I want to apologise.
So my kidneys failed
ten years ago.
They just stopped working.
Acute glomerulonephritis.
Still can't spell it.
They told me it wasn't my fault,
it was nothing I'd done.
I didn't smoke, I didn't drink,
but that was it - dialysis.
Three times a week
back in that little room
with that sodding machine
whirring away.
They put me into a prison
and I'd done nothing,
but that's what it felt like
for ten years.
The steroids I gave you
should stop the rejection,
at least long enough
for you to get home.
With the right treatment,
there's every chance
they can save it.
- The police?
- They'll be informed
in the morning.
I think
there's a flight tonight.
Him! Him!
How are you?
Drink, Dad?
Can I get you a drink?
I don't think anyone's
had your whisky.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Excuse me.
Thank God!
I was beginning to think...
You can have them.
But you don't need them.
Please, listen to me first.
When I was a child,
I heard your words
more than my parents'.
I knew your voice
better than theirs.
When I was studying, I listened
to nothing but your songs.
So many lonely nights.
But they made the world
seem full of possibility,
like I could do anything.
So can you.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Bina Barros!
Come on, everybody!
Bina, we love you!
This is what she does.
And then she turns up
and she does this and that.
A-ha! Here come the party boys!
I could tell you a few stories
about these two.
If you think Samira's
a bully now,
you should have seen
what she did to this boy
when he was six.
I remember...
It's OK,
it's only a bit of water.
- AJ.
- I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
It's OK, darling.
I'm so sorry. So sorry.
That's a seat-belt bruise.
Is it?
Tell me the truth.
Samira likes to take
a little drive in the mornings.
It clears her head.
Come on, she's about
to finish college?
No point in wrecking her future
over a little thing like this,
is there?
Little thing?
Yes. You're a father.
You understand?
- Rambo. Rambo!
- Come on, AJ.
Leaving so soon, Rambo?
Rambo! Rambo!
She apologised.
I told her to go home.
She should be arrested.
Maybe.
Wait.
I, erm,
I thought about what you said
and you were right
about...about me.
All my life I've had
to listen to stuff like that,
all the comments,
the little things.
Sometimes just abuse,
to be honest.
And I just take it,
turn the other cheek,
maybe because I've always
wanted to fit in.
When Marcus and I
were together,
we'd walk into a pub
and I could almost hear
what they were thinking.
"What's he doing?
Why is he with her?
Couldn't he find himself
a white girlfriend?"
You shouldn't let it
get to you?
Not then and...and not now.
I know, you're right,
and this is your country.
I don't know,
maybe now it's mine, too.
Maybe.
You should try it, you know?
Righteous anger.
It clears the head.
And the sinuses.
So do you give lessons?
You couldn't afford me,
you know.
That looks
absolutely disgusting.
Like so many things in life,
it tastes better than it looks.
Cheers.
You know the drill.
You really are ashamed of me,
aren't you?
My fault for consorting with
a barely functioning alcoholic.
One day I'll meet a woman who
appreciates me for who I am.
Good luck with that. Just
remember to feed her unicorn.
I thought you were
at the wedding.
I was, but then I decided
to have a drink
with a friend instead,
if she'll have me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org